More indepth steps for selfhosting backend (#48)
movie-web/docs: content/4.backend/1.deploy.md

        environment:
          MWB_POSTGRES__CONNECTION: postgresql://movie_web_user:YourPasswordHere@postgres:5432/movie_web_backend
          MWB_CRYPTO__SESSION_SECRET: 32CharacterLongStringHere 
          MWB_META__NAME: unofficial-movie-web 
          MWB_POSTGRES__MIGRATE_ON_BOOT: "true"
          MIKRO_ORM_MIGRATIONS_DISABLE_FOREIGN_KEYS: "true" 
        ports:
          - "80:80"
        depends_on:
          - postgres
        networks:
          - movie-web-network

    networks:
      movie-web-network: 
        driver: bridge
    ```

    **Important:** 
     * Replace `YourPasswordHere` with your secure database password.
     * Generate a strong session secret and replace `32CharacterLongStringHere`.
2.  **Start the Backend:**  Open a terminal in the directory containing `docker-compose.yml` and execute:

    ```bash
    docker-compose up -d 
    ```

**Accessing Your Backend**

Your backend should be accessible on `(YourPrivateIP):80`. To share it outside your local network, you'll need to configure port forwarding or cloudflared tunnel. 

**Optional: Using a Reverse Proxy** 
For SSL and domain configuration, consider setting up a reverse proxy like Nginx.

> * If you do use a reverse proxy, you may need to add `MWB_SERVER__CORS: "example.com movie.example.com"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you use a reverse proxy behind a domain, add `MWB_SERVER__CORS: "https://movie.example.com"`.
  - MWB_SERVER_CORS must contain a **space separated** list of origins (Protocol + Hostname) for the client to be able to access the backend.
```

This method provides a straightforward setup with minimal configuration. For more extensive customization, see the [Configuration Reference](2.configuration.md).

**Prerequisites**

* **Docker:** If you don't have Docker installed, download it from the official website: [Docker installation](https://www.docker.com/get-started)
* **Docker Compose:** Install Docker Compose following the instructions for your operating system: [Docker-Compose installation](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

**Setup**
1.  **Create `docker-compose.yml`:**

    ```yaml
    version: '3.8'

    services:
      postgres:
        image: postgres
        environment:
          POSTGRES_USER: movie_web_user 
          POSTGRES_DB: movie_web_backend 
          POSTGRES_PASSWORD: YourPasswordHere 
        ports:
          - "5432:5432" 
        networks:
          - movie-web-network

      movie-web:
        image: ghcr.io/movie-web/backend:latest
        environment:
          MWB_POSTGRES__CONNECTION: postgresql://movie_web_user:YourPasswordHere@postgres:5432/movie_web_backend
          MWB_CRYPTO__SESSION_SECRET: 32CharacterLongStringHere 
          MWB_META__NAME: unofficial-movie-web 

>           MWB_POSTGRES__MIGRATE_ON_BOOT: "true" 
>         ports:

Reviewer: I'd recommend adding this, it fixes some migration issues on certain platforms

```suggestion
          MWB_POSTGRES__MIGRATE_ON_BOOT: "true"
          MIKRO_ORM_MIGRATIONS_DISABLE_FOREIGN_KEYS: "true" 
        ports:
```

**Optional: Using a Reverse Proxy** 
For SSL and domain configuration, consider setting up a reverse proxy like Nginx.

* If you do use a reverse proxy, you may need to add `MWB_SERVER__CORS: "example.com movie.example.com"`.
* Dependent on your setup you may also need `MWB_SERVER__TRUST_PROXY: true`, and `MWB_SERVER__TRUST_CLOUDFLARE: true`.

## Method 2 - Railway (Easy)

Railway provides a simple deployment process and $5 of initial credit, usually enough to run the backend for several months.

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/template/TS4mw5)

1.  **Create or Log in to Railway:** Visit https://railway.app and either create an account or log in.
2.  **Deploy with One Click:** Click the "Deploy on Railway" button above.
3.  **Configure Environment Variables:**  Fill in the required environment variables or modify the defaults.
4.  **Deploy:**  Click the "Deploy" button. 
5.  **Access Your Deployment:**  Once deployment is complete, retrieve the URL from your Railway Deployments page.

> **Congratulations!** You've successfully deployed the backend. Proceed to [set up the client](../1.self-hosting/2.use-backend.md). 

Reviewer: Duplicated Railway section

Author: Fixed mb
